hey it's kyle here about to show you a
really fast working spellcaster deck of
mine not spell casters are my favorite
archetype it comes to you you and uh
it's good to say that konami has not
done them justice with making good hero
you're not here cards um good spell
caster car yeah let's do that check it I
use three light here and just three fire
run water
and then I use three darks good cars to
use song in sub in a buck I use the Site
Search to get someone among cyber valley
is a great card for defense and I use
his ability to remember to play him and
light so I can spot her somebody a
fortune ID card and pick up two guards
my great combo he is 2 for Seder one in
the cyber drug one honest to Birdman
great ability and I use him to swap out
for light then I usually get water they
sink / 7 or darker 48 very good car
awesome special summon to live Simon
evoke the two heavy hitters so I my deck
chaos sorcerer original first edition
pls yes everyone will be jealous I use
three magical dimension I use 3 ms t1
heavy star
burial from a different dimension 12
ali-a lightning vortex fortunes future
dark hole boca move in dark blue demons
is that good no that was its own against
a lot of real mainstream decks to
bidding destiny it's really messes up
the opponent especially some alight and
they're not expecting anything you know
200 monster looking that deal with
bidding destiny stops a lot of stops
lock plans 1 solemn warning starlight
Road its run qiu course certain ones
favorite air force nor the communist and
let's go to syncros this spell caster
safer lemme the arcanite magician great
card i use to startups never know
explosive magician he doesn't get out
that much and i definitely choose market
light magician / explosive just waiting
game I just included tempest magician
see how she will fare red dragon
Archfiend Black Rose has helped me a lot
scrap our screen then I'm going to tie
predicament black live dragon classifier
Exley regardless Leviathan dragon and
number 39 utopia it would pretty dis
work this boat has a deck I'm still
tweaking it out began with a arcanite
magician assault mode that and then I
just figured out that they don't have
enough spell cards and quick search
cards for a successful deck assistant
that this deck is pretty consistent for
the most part as far as getting your
monsters out and destroy your opponent's
monsters and back road is pretty good
for that yeah if you have any comments
suggestions anything to help me out